[News] 2021-03-16 (#573)
sider/sider-docs: docs/tools/kotlin/detekt.md

| [`target`](#target)                                                                   | `string`, `string[]` | -       |
| [`baseline`](#baseline)                                                               | `string`             | -       |
| [`config`](#config)                                                                   | `string`, `string[]` | `[]`    |
| [`config-resource`](#config-resource)                                                 | `string`, `string[]` | `[]`    |
| [`disable-default-rulesets`](#disable-default-rulesets)                               | `boolean`            | `false` |
| [`excludes`](#excludes)                                                               | `string`, `string[]` | `[]`    |
| [`includes`](#includes)                                                               | `string`, `string[]` | `[]`    |
| [`parallel`](#parallel)                                                               | `boolean`            | `false` |

For more details about the options, see the [official documentation](https://detekt.github.io/detekt/cli.html).

### `target`

> This option allows you to specify paths to analyze.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option allows you to specify paths to be analyzed.
```
